---
layout: log
---


# 2020.01.04


Today I was able to get the lightcurve for some more know variables V20 I can get the period that Kaluzny et al. gets for the source. I could find a good period of CV2 or U19, nor for CV3 U17. But for CV4, there is a huge change in magnitude of one magtinude that maybe it is an eclipsed. By looking at the Phase dispersion minimization there are two interesting period to fold of 0.1326 days and half of. It is in the notebook and should ask. the larger is about 3.18 hours which it is just above the period gap. The other would be about 1.5912 hours. 



# 2020.01.10


Also the outside sources of XMM some are two in Chandra. Maybe one is MSP, so ... . HSt images might not see them that far. 

# 2020.01.14

After talking to Dr. Maccarone he suggested to read on the topic of mass estimation by rotational broadening of absorption lines. I found this article called [Accuracy of the component mass estimationmethods in LMXB](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.05042)

# 2020.01.15

Made the figures much biggers and fixed the estimation of the companion mass. For the future need to learn how to reduce Chandra data to see the periods are found with the ones in the optical. Also need to start searching for good clusters to do a follow up with Hubble. Need to read on CVs period and what they mean,. IF tey are nova like and aboove the period gap and what/. If I can fold on X-ray will depend on the counts that I get for each source. Also the clusters to try to find should have hopefully f336W data. 

Also for future to reduce the gaiaall data from ESO.



# 2020.01.17

The cross-corelation for all the three MUSE spectra with a template main sequence k star gave me around 160 km/s, which agrees closely with the MUSE team reported one. I tried with thte third observation we have and it gave me around 60 km/s. 

U21 didn't seemed to have a nice eclipsed like U23. I have to learn X-ray data analysis. 


# 2020.01.31

Write about Russell 1945 magnitude on elipsoidal modulations. The Knigge paper on AK09 in 2003 has some nice discussion on what they do with the FUV HST data. They discuss eclipse width constraint on inclination and mass ratio and cite Horne 1985 eclipse mapping paper. 
