---
layout: log
---


# 2019.12.12


Today I redid the first 20 images on DOLPHOT but only for chip 3. I have to check the output and if it worked then do it for all of chip 3. 

Also worked a bit on TESS data. Simone showed me how he extract his lightcurve. He has a gui to select the star and the background then substract, maybe the mean he said. I can do it manually with lightcurve:

Here is a small sample for KL Dra: [KL Dra](https://github.com/manuelmarcano22/TESSOutburst/blob/master/KL%20Dra.ipynb). There seem to be two outburst in sector 14, and maybe 3 in 17. Simone also saw it. There are more ways to detrend the TESS data and maybe I should look into that.

Also today the NICER team published the first results on [J0030+0451](https://iopscience.iop.org/journal/2041-8205/page/Focus_on_NICER_Constraints_on_the_Dense_Matter_Equation_of_State). 7 long papers reporting their cool findings. One was that the magnetic field of the pulsar might not be as nice as thought. The two hot spots are in the same hemisphere in not a nice round shape. They propose two models. The amsterdam group and a group in maryland. Very cool



# 2019.12.13

Today changed some parameters of the DOLPHOT because the run from yesterday still finds a lot of stars where there are none and can't find the bright ones. Also tried to play with the lightkurve code to modify the BOkeh. At the end will just save the lightcurve generated to do the background and substraction. Will probably have a notebook on the modifications I did. Theonly way to read the index that I could found was to get it from a javascript window alert that is annoying if you have to select many. 

Also yesterday I was thinking on this paper and what it means if we get the HST data and maybe for ESO studenship project? [Disentangling CV in Gaia's HR-Diagram](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.01531). 

There was today a very cool article on microlensing events on omega cen to see the balck holes [ Constraining Black Hole Populations in Globular Clusters using Microlensing: Application to Omega Centauri ](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.05701). They did a MC simulation. 


Also Anna told me that she uses python photoutils and it can be very fast. So I should give it a try to [phoutils](https://photutils.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).


For the TESS KL Dra seems to be the one gaia source in the middle but it doesnt agree with the gaia ID from a paper on AM CVns in the gaia era. But the outburst are seen if I only get the lightcurve from that single point in the middle. 



# 2019.12.126

I finally ran Dolphot with the non-drizzled image as the reference one but just one of the other exposures. This way ther is a lot of false detection by DOLPHOT, just by looking at the region file but all the very bright ones are there. This was not the case before. The first thing I did was to see if I can recover the data for U18. This run only 117 had a good astrometric flag, but still the peak at the same period as before was there and the same star. 



## Projects:

## Letter


## Globular Cluster Photometry by Stetson


Would love to see which one and maybe get period of the ultracompacts in NGC 6652 by Engel et al 2012 with a 2.15 hours. 


Useful links

- [Homegeneous photometry data](http://www.cadc-ccda.hia-iha.nrc-cnrc.gc.ca/en/community/STETSON/homogeneous/)
- [MNRAS Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09925.pdf)



## Echelle Spectrum


## NGC 3201

Chandra and XMM data with Hubble. 

there is HUGS data in F275 and other HST images in the archives a couple of Chandra point sources and a list of XMM sources by Natalie Webb with XMM-data.


To-do

- [ ] Get list of X-ray sources from XMM and Chandra
- [ ] Identify the optical counter in hubble and CMD
- [ ] Get variability from stetson


## TESS Outbursts


- [ ] Get the KL Dra fit gaussian and identify maybe others. 
